Hello, and welcome back.
This is Fernando Medina Corey,
and in this module we'll be taking a look at how we can collect,
store, and process information inside of AWS IoT.
So let's go ahead and get started by looking at
what we'll be doing more in depth.
We're going to start by taking a glance at the AWS IoT button and how
we can integrate it with our AWS IoT applications.
We'll also look at the Message Broker and how it's a
critical component of all AWS IoT applications.
We'll specifically do a quick overview of the Message Broker so
we know how some of the basic components work,
and we'll take a closer look at the topics and lifecycle
events that are related to the Message Broker.
After that,
we'll also take a closer look at the Device Shadow Service and take a
brief look at how it integrates with the Message Broker and uses some of
the topics that the Message Broker supports.
After that,
we'll take a look at the Rules Engine and see how we can use it to
filter and transform information inside of AWS IoT,
and also how we can leverage it to integrate with other
services inside of the AWS landscape, and also outside of the AWS entirely.
And then we'll finish up by taking a look at the IoT
things graph and see how it could help us to expedite the
development of our applications.
So now that we know what we're looking at in this module, let's go ahead and get started in the next video.